First meeting notes:

No projector, so no formal slides- not that we were really going to use any.

Few things to cover today-

Officer Introductions
-----------------------
President: Chris Olsen
Vice President: Ryan Lane
Treasurer: Zach Long
Secretary: Damien Brocato
Event Coordinator: Vincent Di Nardo
-----------------------

How the vast majority of meetings go:
One person gives a lecture/tutorial, with questions/sidebars encouraged.
Technical tutorials assume no knowledge of tools used, aside from basic
Unity skills gained in the first two technical meetings.
Lectures generally are formatted as discussions, since most of the value
comes from talking about the material. None of us are experts, after all.
If you are interested in giving a lecture, email/message/grab an officer
(especially Chris or Ryan) and tell us! We're going to maintain a calendar
this year, so we'll have a better idea of what's going to be a topic farther
in advance than in the past.

Useful links:
gobblerconnect.vt.edu - join the club roster!
groups.google.com/a/vt.edu/forum/#!forum/vtgamingproject-g - join the listserv and view announcements!
github.com/tuckrr/vtgp - VTGP git repo, you're probably here if you're reading this!
Unity3d.com/unity - the game engine we'll be using for most meetings. Download it!

Quick intro to MDA:
MDA refers to the Mechanics, Dynamics, and Aesthetics framework which is a formal approach
to understanding games. The methodology considers distinct aspects of game design in order
to analyze what makes games fun, among other things. More detail: 'MDA: A Formal Approach
to Game Design and Game Research' by Hunicke, LeBlanc, and Zubek. It's only 5 pages, and
the pdf is available for free.

Simply put, MDA is about defining the following parts of a game- 
Mechanics: components of the game (data representation and algorithms)
Dynamics: the way the mechanics respond to player input (gameplay)
Aesthetics: the emotional responses evoked in the player when they interact with the game
  Example Aesthetics:
  Sensation
  Fantasy
  Narrative
  Challenge
  Fellowship
  Discovery
  Expression
  Submission
  Competition
Roughly, the goal is to translate from the abstract Rules->System->Fun to
the concrete Mechanics->Dynamics->Aesthetics.

Activity:
Get into groups of 4-6 with the people around you. Get to know each other!
Using the theme, create a rough game design where you consider the Mechanics,
Dynamics, and Aesthetics of a game. The theme is:
'Industrial'
When we've got ~5 minutes left, each group should send up a representative to describe
their game design.

Next meeting: Intro to Unity. Bring a laptop with Unity 2018 installed to follow along.

Email questions to ctolsen@vt.edu